Here I will provide popular development environments: 

1. Code::Blocks - Code::Blocks, an extensible and fully configurable IDE designed to support its users most demanding needs, supports C, C++ and Fortran. It provides a consistent look, feel and operation across all platforms for seamless transitions between work spaces, and it’s built around a plug-in framework, providing a multitude of options for extension. It’s open-source and offers cross-platform functionality with no hidden costs.

Languages Supported: C, C++, Fortran
 
2. Eclipse - Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was initially a Java environment but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities considerably. The Eclipse Standard 4.3.2 version, for instance, includes the Eclipse Platform along with the tools required to debug it, plus Java and Plugin Development Tooling and Git and CVS support. If your requirements are different, you can choose from a variety of Eclipse Package Solutions, including tools for Java developers, Scout Developers, RCP and RAP Developers and more.

Languages Supported: C, C++, Python, Perl, PHP, Java, Ruby and more

3. Komodo IDE - Komodo is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing a single tool that meets your development needs across the spectrum. Whether you’re working with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript, Komodo provides a clean, intuitive interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.  

Languages Supported: Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS and JavaScript

4. NetBeans - An intuitive, drag-and-drop interface with project templates, binary and static libraries, and many useful functions to make your life simpler, NetBeans is a popular IDE for C and C++ projects. It also supports Fortan and Assembler files, with GNU Debugger Integration and code assistance, NetBeans is a functional IDE for editing existing projects, building on templates or building from scratch on most leading platforms. There are also multiple NetBeans Enterprise IDE Download Bundles with options that support several additional technologies, including Java, PHP, HTML5 and more.

Languages Supported: C, C++, C++11, Fortan, Assembler

5. Microsoft Visual Studio - Microsoft Visual Studio offers a multitude of editions for developing, testing, and deploying applications for the web, desktop, mobile, and even game consoles. With a plethora of testing and compatibility tools, you can test on virtual machines, tap into the functionality of BrowserStack to see what your app looks like across more than 300 browsers, run compatibility reports to identify patterns and issues between browsers and so much more.

Languages Supported:
Variety of languages supported across products
Ajax, ASP.NET, XAML, JavaScript, dynamic HTML, DHTML, Visual Basic, Visual C#, Visual C++, Visual F#, JScript
Several platforms support any programming language